Oppenheimer: 2023 | R | 3h | 8.6 rating
'Oppenheimer' is an epic biographical drama film about the story of American scientist J. Robert Oppenheimer and his role in the development of the atomic bomb. In World War II, Lt. Gen. Leslie Groves Jr. appoints physicist J. Robert Oppenheimer to lead the top-secret Manhattan Project. Oppenheimer and his team of scientists spend years into developing and designing the atomic bomb. Their efforts culminated on July 16, 1945, when they witness the first nuclear explosion ever, which forever altered the course of history. Christopher Nolan directed Oppenheimer, and stars Cillian Murphy, Emily Blunt, Robert Downey Jr. and Matt Damon.

Elemental: 2023 | PG | 1h 41m | 7.0 rating
'Elemental' is an animated adventure comedy that follows Ember and Wade in a city where fire, water, land, and air residents live together. In a city where fire, water, land, and air residents live together. Ember is a fiery young woman and Wafe is a go-with-the-flow guy; both discover something elemental: how much they actually have in common. The director of Elemental is Peter Sohn, and the film stars Leah Lewis, Mamoudou Athie and Ronnie Del Carmen.

Top Gun: Maverick: 2022 | PG-13 | 2h 10m | 8.3 rating
The action drama 'Top Gun: Maverick' is about Pete "Maverick" Mitchell, a top naval aviator who served in the Navy for over three decades and is now a test pilot. He is determined to keep pushing the limits of flying and avoid promotions that would take him away from the cockpit. Maverick is currently training a group of graduates for a unique mission but must also confront his past and fears. Ultimately, the mission will require those who choose to fly it to make the ultimate sacrifice. Joseph Kosinski directed Top Gun: Maverick, which stars Tom Cruise, Jennifer Connelly, and Miles Teller.

Barbie: 2023 | PG-13 | 1h 54m | 7.2 rating
'Barbie' is an adventure comedy about Barbie's journey into the real world to understand herself and discover her true purpose. Barbie and Ken are having the time of their lives in the colorful and seemingly perfect world of Barbie Land. However, when they get to go to the real world, they soon discover the joys and perils of living among humans. Greta Gerwig directed Barbie, starring Margot Robbie, Ryan Gosling and Issa Rae.

The Menu: 2022 | R | 1h 47m | 7.2 rating
'The Menu' is a comedy thriller about a young couple traveling to a remote island to eat at an exclusive restaurant where the chef has prepared a lavish menu with shocking surprises. They anticipate a remarkable dining experience. However, unknown to the guests, Chef Julian, known for pushing culinary boundaries, is set to reveal his most audacious creation yet. The question arises: is the sophisticated clientele prepared for Julian's radical innovation? The director of 'The Menu' is Mark Mylod, and the film stars Ralph Fiennes, Anya Taylor-Joy and Nicholas Hoult.

M3GAN: 2022 | PG-13 | 1h 42m | 6.4 rating
The horror/sci-fi movie 'M3GAN' deals with Gemma, a skilled roboticist who designs a life-like doll named M3GAN that can play, teach, and protect children. She gifts a prototype to her eight-year-old niece. The doll begins to take on a life of its own, resulting in unforeseen consequences. Gerard Johnstone directed M3GAN, which stars Allison Williams, Violet McGraw and Ronny Chieng.

Glass Onion: 2022 | PG-13 | 2h 19m | 7.1 rating
In the comedic film 'Glass Onion', five long-time friends get invited to the Greek island home of billionaire Miles Bron. All five know Bron from way back and owe him their current wealth, fame, and careers. The main event is a murder-weekend game with Bron to be the victim. In reality, they all have reasons to kill him. Also invited is Benoit Blanc, the world's greatest detective. Rian Johnson directed Glass Onion and it stars Daniel Craig, Edward Norton and Kate Hudson.

The Super Mario Bros. Movie: 2023 | PG | 1h 32m | 7.1 rating
'The Super Mario Bros. Movie': While working underground to fix a water main, Brooklyn plumbers and brothers Mario and Luigi are transported through a mysterious pipe to a magical new world. But when the siblings are separated, an epic adventure begins to save a captured princess. The Super Mario Bros. Movie is an animated adventure comedy directed by Aaron Horvath, Michael Jelenic and Pierre Leduc. It's voiced by the actors Chris Pratt, Anya Taylor-Joy and Charlie Day.

A Haunting in Venice: 2023 | PG-13 | 1h 43m | 6.8 rating
In 'A Haunting in Venice,' a post-WWII crime drama set in Venice, a retired detective attends a seance. Following a guest's murder, he's compelled to solve the mystery. The film's director is Kenneth Branagh, and stars Kenneth Branagh, Michelle Yeoh and Jamie Dornan.

Blue Beetle: 2023 | PG-13 | 2h 7m | 6.7 rating
In The action-adventure film 'Blue Beetle', Jaime Reyes suddenly finds himself possessing an ancient relic of alien biotechnology called the Scarab. When the Scarab chooses Jaime to be its symbiotic host, he's bestowed with an incredible suit of armor capable of extraordinary and unpredictable powers, forever changing his destiny as he becomes the superhero Blue Beetle. The film stars Xolo Maridueña, Bruna Marquezine and Becky G, and Angel Manuel Soto is the director.

Expend4bles: 2023 | R | 1h 43m | 5.0 rating
'Expend4bles' is an action movie featuring an elite team of mercenaries known as "The Expendables." They are the world's last resort for missions deemed too perilous for others. With a formidable arsenal and unmatched combat skills, they tackle high-stakes assignments, displaying their courage and unity. Directed by Scott Waugh, Expend4bles is a thrilling ride, starring Jason Statham, 50 Cent, and Megan Fox.

Asteroid City: 2023 | PG-13 | 1h 45m | 6.6 rating
Chronicling the journey of a writer's renowned fictional tale, 'Asteroid City' unveils the transformation of a mourning father. He takes his technology-fixated family to the quaint Asteroid City for a junior stargazing competition. But there, his perspective on life is irrevocably changed. Wes Anderson directed the comedic drama Asteroid City, starring Jason Schwartzman, Scarlett Johansson, and Tom Hanks.

The Godfather: 1972 | R | 2h 55m | 9.2 rating
'The Godfather' is a crime drama film chronicling the aging patriarch of an organized crime dynasty transferring control of his clandestine empire to his reluctant son. Directed by Francis Ford Coppola, the film stars Marlon Brando, Al Pacino, and James Caan.

The Dark Knight: 2008 | PG-13 | 2h 32m | 9.0 rating
'The Dark Knight' is an action crime thriller where Batman raises the stakes in his war on crime. With the help of Lt. Jim Gordon and District Attorney Harvey Dent, Batman sets out to dismantle the remaining criminal organizations that plague Gotham. The film is directed by Christopher Nolan and stars Christian Bale, Heath Ledger, and Aaron Eckhart.

Schindler's List: 1993 | R | 3h 15m | 9.0 rating
'Schindler's List' is a historical drama based on the true story of Oskar Schindler, a German industrialist who saved the lives of more than a thousand mostly Polish-Jewish refugees during the Holocaust by employing them in his factories. Directed by Steven Spielberg, the film stars Liam Neeson, Ralph Fiennes, and Ben Kingsley.

Pulp Fiction: 1994 | R | 2h 34m | 8.9 rating
'Pulp Fiction' is a crime film that interconnects the lives of two mob hitmen, a boxer, a gangster and his wife, and a pair of diner bandits in four tales of violence and redemption. Quentin Tarantino directed Pulp Fiction, starring John Travolta, Uma Thurman, and Samuel L. Jackson.

The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King: 2003 | PG-13 | 3h 21m | 9.0 rating
'The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King' is an epic fantasy adventure where Gandalf and Aragorn lead the World of Men against Sauron's army to draw his gaze from Frodo and Sam as they approach Mount Doom with the One Ring. Directed by Peter Jackson, starring Elijah Wood, Viggo Mortensen, and Ian McKellen.

Forrest Gump: 1994 | PG-13 | 2h 22m | 8.8 rating
'Forrest Gump' is a drama tracing the life of a man with a low IQ, who has good intentions and a good heart. He witnesses and unwittingly influences several defining historical events in the 20th century USA. Directed by Robert Zemeckis, starring Tom Hanks, Robin Wright, and Gary Sinise.

Inception: 2010 | PG-13 | 2h 28m | 8.8 rating
'Inception' is a sci-fi action film about a thief who steals corporate secrets through the use of dream-sharing technology. He is given the inverse task of planting an idea into the mind of a C.E.O. Christopher Nolan directed Inception, starring Leonardo DiCaprio, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, and Elliot Page.

The Matrix: 1999 | R | 2h 16m | 8.7 rating
'The Matrix' is a sci-fi action film depicting a dystopian future where humanity is unknowingly trapped inside a simulated reality. When computer hacker Neo learns the truth, he is drawn into a rebellion against the machines. Directed by the Wachowskis, starring Keanu Reeves, Laurence Fishburne, and Carrie-Anne Moss.

Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back: 1980 | PG | 2h 4m | 8.7 rating
'Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back' is an epic space opera. After the Rebels are brutally overpowered by the Empire on the ice planet Hoth, Luke Skywalker begins Jedi training with Yoda, while his friends are pursued by Darth Vader. Directed by Irvin Kershner, starring Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford, and Carrie Fisher.

Goodfellas: 1990 | R | 2h 25m | 8.7 rating
'Goodfellas' is a biographical crime film that details the story of Henry Hill and his life in the mob, covering his relationship with his wife Karen Hill and his mob partners Jimmy Conway and Tommy DeVito. Directed by Martin Scorsese, starring Robert De Niro, Ray Liotta, and Joe Pesci.

Se7en: 1995 | R | 2h 7m | 8.6 rating
'Se7en' is a psychological crime thriller following two detectives, a rookie and a veteran, who hunt a serial killer that uses the seven deadly sins as his motives. Directed by David Fincher, starring Brad Pitt, Morgan Freeman, and Kevin Spacey.

The Silence of the Lambs: 1991 | R | 1h 58m | 8.6 rating
'The Silence of the Lambs' is a psychological horror thriller about a young F.B.I. cadet who must receive the help of an incarcerated and manipulative cannibal killer to help catch another serial killer. Directed by Jonathan Demme, starring Jodie Foster, Anthony Hopkins, and Lawrence A. Bonney.

City of God: 2002 | R | 2h 10m | 8.6 rating
'City of God' is a Brazilian crime drama depicting the growth of organized crime in the Cidade de Deus suburb of Rio de Janeiro, between the end of the 1960s and the beginning of the 1980s. Directed by Fernando Meirelles and Kátia Lund, starring Alexandre Rodrigues, Leandro Firmino, and Matheus Nachtergaele.

Saving Private Ryan: 1998 | R | 2h 49m | 8.6 rating
'Saving Private Ryan' is an epic war film set during the Invasion of Normandy in World War II. Following the Omaha Beach assault, a group of U.S. soldiers goes behind enemy lines to retrieve a paratrooper whose brothers have been killed in action. Directed by Steven Spielberg, starring Tom Hanks, Matt Damon, and Tom Sizemore.

Interstellar: 2014 | PG-13 | 2h 49m | 8.7 rating
'Interstellar' is a sci-fi epic where a team of explorers travel through a wormhole in space in an attempt to ensure humanity's survival as Earth faces an escalating global food crisis. Directed by Christopher Nolan, starring Matthew McConaughey, Anne Hathaway, and Jessica Chastain.

Spirited Away: 2001 | PG | 2h 5m | 8.6 rating
'Spirited Away' is an acclaimed Japanese animated fantasy film. During her family's move to the suburbs, a sullen 10-year-old girl wanders into a world ruled by gods, witches, and spirits, and where humans are changed into beasts. Directed by Hayao Miyazaki, with voices by Rumi Hiiragi, Miyu Irino, and Mari Natsuki.

The Green Mile: 1999 | R | 3h 9m | 8.6 rating
'The Green Mile' is a fantasy drama where the lives of guards on Death Row are affected by one of their charges: a black man accused of child murder and rape, yet who has a mysterious gift. Directed by Frank Darabont, starring Tom Hanks, Michael Clarke Duncan, and David Morse.

Parasite: 2019 | R | 2h 12m | 8.5 rating
'Parasite' is a South Korean dark comedy thriller focusing on greed and class discrimination as an impoverished family schemes to become employed by a wealthy family and infiltrate their household by posing as unrelated, highly qualified individuals. Directed by Bong Joon Ho, starring Song Kang-ho, Lee Sun-kyun, and Cho Yeo-jeong.

The Lion King: 1994 | G | 1h 28m | 8.5 rating
'The Lion King' is an animated musical drama following Lion prince Simba and his father, who are targeted by his bitter uncle, who wants to ascend the throne himself. Directed by Roger Allers and Rob Minkoff, featuring the voices of Matthew Broderick, Jeremy Irons, and James Earl Jones.

Gladiator: 2000 | R | 2h 35m | 8.5 rating
'Gladiator' is an epic historical drama where a former Roman General sets out to exact vengeance against the corrupt emperor who murdered his family and sent him into slavery. Directed by Ridley Scott, starring Russell Crowe, Joaquin Phoenix, and Connie Nielsen.

Back to the Future: 1985 | PG | 1h 56m | 8.5 rating
'Back to the Future' is a sci-fi comedy where a 17-year-old high school student is accidentally sent thirty years into the past in a time-traveling DeLorean invented by his close friend, the eccentric scientist Doc Brown. Directed by Robert Zemeckis, starring Michael J. Fox, Christopher Lloyd, and Lea Thompson.

The Departed: 2006 | R | 2h 31m | 8.5 rating
'The Departed' is a crime thriller where an undercover cop and a mole in the police attempt to identify each other while infiltrating an Irish gang in South Boston. Directed by Martin Scorsese, starring Leonardo DiCaprio, Matt Damon, and Jack Nicholson.

Whiplash: 2014 | R | 1h 46m | 8.5 rating
'Whiplash' is a psychological drama following a promising young drummer who enrolls at a cut-throat music conservatory where his dreams of greatness are mentored by an instructor who will stop at nothing to realize a student's potential. Directed by Damien Chazelle, starring Miles Teller, J.K. Simmons, and Melissa Benoist.

The Prestige: 2006 | PG-13 | 2h 10m | 8.5 rating
'The Prestige' is a psychological thriller revolving around two stage magicians in 1890s London who engage in a competitive and ultimately fatal rivalry to create the ultimate illusion. Directed by Christopher Nolan, starring Christian Bale, Hugh Jackman, and Scarlett Johansson.

Memento: 2000 | R | 1h 53m | 8.4 rating
'Memento' is a neo-noir psychological thriller in which a man with short-term memory loss attempts to track down his wife's murderer using an intricate system of Polaroid photographs and tattoos. Directed by Christopher Nolan, starring Guy Pearce, Carrie-Anne Moss, and Joe Pantoliano.

Apocalypse Now: 1979 | R | 2h 27m | 8.4 rating
'Apocalypse Now' is a psychological war film where a U.S. Army officer serving in Vietnam is tasked with assassinating a renegade Special Forces Colonel who sees himself as a god. Directed by Francis Ford Coppola, starring Martin Sheen, Marlon Brando, and Robert Duvall.

Alien: 1979 | R | 1h 57m | 8.5 rating
'Alien' is a sci-fi horror film about the crew of a commercial spacecraft who encounter a deadly lifeform after investigating an unknown transmission. Directed by Ridley Scott, starring Sigourney Weaver, Tom Skerritt, and John Hurt.

Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse: 2018 | PG | 1h 57m | 8.4 rating
'Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse' is an animated superhero film where teen Miles Morales becomes the Spider-Man of his universe, and must join with five spider-powered individuals from other dimensions to stop a threat for all realities. Directed by Bob Persichetti, Peter Ramsey, and Rodney Rothman, starring Shameik Moore, Jake Johnson, and Hailee Steinfeld.

Avengers: Endgame: 2019 | PG-13 | 3h 1m | 8.4 rating
'Avengers: Endgame' is a superhero film where the remaining Avengers assemble once more in order to reverse Thanos' actions and restore balance to the universe. Directed by Anthony and Joe Russo, starring Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans, and Mark Ruffalo.

Joker: 2019 | R | 2h 2m | 8.4 rating
'Joker' is a psychological thriller about a mentally troubled stand-up comedian who embarks on a downward spiral that leads to the creation of an iconic villain. Directed by Todd Phillips, starring Joaquin Phoenix, Robert De Niro, and Zazie Beetz.

WALL-E: 2008 | G | 1h 38m | 8.4 rating
'WALL-E' is an animated sci-fi film set in the distant future where a small waste-collecting robot inadvertently embarks on a space journey that will ultimately decide the fate of mankind. Directed by Andrew Stanton, starring Ben Burtt, Elissa Knight, and Jeff Garlin.

The Shining: 1980 | R | 2h 26m | 8.4 rating
'The Shining' is a psychological horror film following a family who heads to an isolated hotel for the winter where a sinister presence influences the father into violence, while his psychic son sees horrific forebodings. Directed by Stanley Kubrick, starring Jack Nicholson, Shelley Duvall, and Danny Lloyd.

Dune: Part Two: 2024 | PG-13 | 2h 46m | 8.8 rating
'Dune: Part Two' is an epic sci-fi film continuing the mythic journey of Paul Atreides as he unites with Chani and the Fremen while on a warpath of revenge against the conspirators who destroyed his family. Directed by Denis Villeneuve, starring Timothée Chalamet, Zendaya, and Rebecca Ferguson.

Poor Things: 2023 | R | 2h 21m | 8.0 rating
'Poor Things' is a sci-fi fantasy comedy focusing on the incredible tale of Bella Baxter, a young woman brought back to life by an unorthodox scientist. Directed by Yorgos Lanthimos, starring Emma Stone, Mark Ruffalo, and Willem Dafoe.

Killers of the Flower Moon: 2023 | R | 3h 26m | 7.6 rating
'Killers of the Flower Moon' is an epic western crime saga where real love crosses paths with unspeakable betrayal, based on the true story of the murders of Osage Nation members in the 1920s. Directed by Martin Scorsese, starring Leonardo DiCaprio, Robert De Niro, and Lily Gladstone.

Anatomy of a Fall: 2023 | R | 2h 31m | 7.7 rating
'Anatomy of a Fall' is a gripping legal drama where a woman is suspected of her husband's murder, and their blind son faces a moral dilemma as the main witness in the trial. Directed by Justine Triet, starring Sandra Hüller, Swann Arlaud, and Milo Machado Graner.

Past Lives: 2023 | PG-13 | 1h 45m | 7.9 rating
'Past Lives' is a romantic drama about Nora and Hae Sung, two deeply connected childhood friends who are wrest apart after Nora's family emigrates from South Korea. Two decades later, they are reunited in New York for one fateful week. Directed by Celine Song, starring Greta Lee, Teo Yoo, and John Magaro.

Mad Max: Fury Road: 2015 | R | 2h | 8.1 rating
'Mad Max: Fury Road' is a post-apocalyptic action film in a stark desert landscape where humanity is broken. Two rebels on the run might just be able to restore order: Max, a man of action and few words, and Furiosa, a woman of action seeking survival across the desert. Directed by George Miller, starring Tom Hardy, Charlize Theron, and Nicholas Hoult.

Blade Runner 2049: 2017 | R | 2h 44m | 8.0 rating
'Blade Runner 2049' is a neo-noir sci-fi film. Young Blade Runner K's discovery of a long-buried secret leads him to track down former Blade Runner Rick Deckard, who's been missing for thirty years. Directed by Denis Villeneuve, starring Ryan Gosling, Harrison Ford, and Ana de Armas.

Arrival: 2016 | PG-13 | 1h 56m | 7.9 rating
'Arrival' is a sci-fi drama where a linguist works with the military to communicate with alien lifeforms after twelve mysterious spacecraft appear around the world. Directed by Denis Villeneuve, starring Amy Adams, Jeremy Renner, and Forest Whitaker.

Deadpool & Wolverine: 2024 | R | 2h 8m | 8.0 rating
'Deadpool & Wolverine' is a superhero action comedy film where a listless Wade Wilson toils away in civilian life until his homeworld is threatened. He must suit up again alongside a reluctant Wolverine to save his universe. Directed by Shawn Levy, starring Ryan Reynolds, Hugh Jackman, and Emma Corrin.

Furiosa: A Mad Max Saga: 2024 | R | 2h 28m | 7.6 rating
'Furiosa: A Mad Max Saga' is a post-apocalyptic action adventure that explores the origin story of renegade warrior Furiosa before her encounter and team-up with Mad Max. Snatched from the Green Place of Many Mothers, she falls into the hands of a great Biker Horde led by the Warlord Dementus. Directed by George Miller, starring Anya Taylor-Joy, Chris Hemsworth, and Tom Burke.

The Substance: 2024 | R | 2h 21m | 7.6 rating
'The Substance' is a body horror thriller revolving around a fading celebrity who decides to use a black market drug that temporarily creates a younger, better version of herself, leading to terrifying consequences. Directed by Coralie Fargeat, starring Demi Moore, Margaret Qualley, and Dennis Quaid.

Superman: 2025 | PG-13 | 2h 15m | 8.2 rating
'Superman' is a superhero action film following Clark Kent as he reconciles his Kryptonian heritage with his human upbringing in Smallville, Kansas. He is the embodiment of truth, justice, and the American way in a world that views kindness as old-fashioned. Directed by James Gunn, starring David Corenswet, Rachel Brosnahan, and Nicholas Hoult.

Jurassic World: Rebirth: 2025 | PG-13 | 2h 10m | 7.4 rating
'Jurassic World: Rebirth' is a sci-fi action adventure set years after the events of Dominion, where a new generation of scientists and explorers must navigate a fragile ecosystem where dinosaurs and humans struggle to coexist globally. Directed by Gareth Edwards, starring Scarlett Johansson, Jonathan Bailey, and Mahershala Ali.

Mission: Impossible - The Final Reckoning: 2025 | PG-13 | 2h 30m | 8.1 rating
'Mission: Impossible - The Final Reckoning' is an action spy thriller that concludes the epic journey of Ethan Hunt. With the fate of the world at stake, Ethan and his IMF team embark on their most dangerous mission yet, facing ghosts from his past and a terrifying rogue AI. Directed by Christopher McQuarrie, starring Tom Cruise, Hayley Atwell, and Ving Rhames.

The Batman Part II: 2026 | PG-13 | 2h 45m | 8.3 rating
'The Batman Part II' is a gritty superhero crime thriller that continues Bruce Wayne's journey as Gotham's dark knight. Facing a new wave of corruption and a dangerous new adversary, Batman must push his limits to protect a city that is tearing itself apart. Directed by Matt Reeves, starring Robert Pattinson, Zoë Kravitz, and Colin Farrell.

Avengers: Doomsday: 2026 | PG-13 | 2h 35m | 8.5 rating
'Avengers: Doomsday' is an epic superhero crossover film where a fractured team of Avengers must reunite to face Doctor Doom, a multiversal threat with unparalleled intellect and magical powers seeking to reshape reality. Directed by Anthony and Joe Russo, starring Robert Downey Jr., Pedro Pascal, and Vanessa Kirby.

The Mandalorian & Grogu: 2026 | PG-13 | 2h 10m | 8.0 rating
'The Mandalorian & Grogu' is a sci-fi space western that brings the beloved Disney+ duo to the big screen. Din Djarin and his formidable apprentice Grogu embark on a dangerous new adventure across the outer rim to eliminate an Imperial remnant threat. Directed by Jon Favreau, starring Pedro Pascal, Sigourney Weaver, and Giancarlo Esposito.